Add "native_expression.max_array_size_in_reduce" session property. (#23846)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/features.rst

Native Execution only. Enable simplified path in expression evaluation.

``native_expression.max_array_size_in_reduce``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``integer``
* **Default value:** ``100000``

> Native Execution only. Reduce() function will throw an error if encountered an array of size greater than this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native Execution only. Reduce() function will throw an error if it encounters an array of size greater than this value.
```

> Native Execution only. Reduce() function will throw an error if encountered an array of size greater than this.

Reviewer: Which reduce function does this refer to? This one? 
https://prestodb.io/docs/current/functions/array.html#reduce-array-T-initialState-S-inputFunction-S-T-S-outputFunction-S-R-R
Suggest adding a link to the function this doc is referring to.

Author: @steveburnett 
Yes, that one. Do we need to clarify or add a link in the rst?

Reviewer: I would suggest a link. I just reviewed to add a link that I tested and verified in a local doc build.
